OSDOCS-17045-7: CQA for MACH-4 Cluster API for Compute Machines (#114468)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machine-feature-aws-existing-placement-group.adoc

Reviewer: In-line links are allowed in procedures. Suggest keeping them where they are rather than making the reader go look for them (same comment for all instances).

Author: Unsure about [guidance](https://redhat.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OSDOCS/pages/265912624/Content+updates+in+preparation+for+migrating+to+DITA) here.

My changes are not completely wrong so I'll stick with them.

<img width="2644" height="525" alt="Screenshot From 2026-07-07 09-00-54" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6d092cae-f4c9-48c5-b2bc-2d641f8bd0a2" />

Author: If specific guidance exists that states this about procedures, I can make the changes...I just cannot find it.

Reviewer: That item is about xrefs specifically. These are not xrefs. [The rule about inline links is only for concepts](https://github.com/jhradilek/asciidoctor-dita-vale?tab=readme-ov-file#warnings).

Author: I did add signposts to orientate folks to see x for more details, but I'll revert for the sake of getting this PR merged.

spec:
  template:
    spec:
      instanceType: <supported_instance_type>
      networkInterfaceType: efa
      placementGroupName: <placement_group>
      placementGroupPartition: <placement_group_partition_number>
# ...
----

where:

`spec.template.spec.instanceType`:: Specifies an instance type that supports EFAs. For more information, see "Supported instance types".
`spec.template.spec.networkInterfaceType`:: Specifies the `efa` network interface type.
`spec.template.spec.placementGroupName`:: Specifies the name of the existing {aws-short} placement group to deploy machines in.

> `spec.template.spec.placementGroupPartition`:: Optional parameter. Specifies the partition number of the existing {aws-short} placement group where you want your machines deployed. 

Reviewer: Ideally the complete sentence version from [here](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/102276/changes#diff-df8adb1bd0e2ca4267d7e91c67dabe826f8d26f0d60ee8854c4d2042c4e434ecR86):
```suggestion
`spec.template.spec.placementGroupPartition`:: Specifies the partition number of the existing {aws-short} placement group where you want your machines deployed.  This value is optional.
```

Author: This change is more stylistic than crucial. To avoid the "this" referential, I went with the following that is much clearer:

> Setting a value for the parameter is optional.
